src/pages/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: index-page
title: Cole Valley Haight Allies
image: /img/sidewalk.jpg
heading: Cole Valley Haight Allies
subheading: Residents of Cole Valley and Haight supporting our low-income and unhoused neighbors
description: >-
  We are a group of neighbors in the Cole Valley and Haight neighbors who wish
  to use our voices to advocate for and be allies to our low-income and
  unhoused neighbors in District 5.
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      text: >
        We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from
        independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a
        variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and
        local communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current
        availability.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      text: >
        We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and
        tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your
        own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget
        to fall in love with in our shop.
    - image: /img/tutorials.png
      text: >
        Love a great cup of coffee, but never knew how to make one? Bought a
        fancy new Chemex but have no clue how to use it? Don't worry, we’re here
        to help. You can schedule a custom 1-on-1 consultation with our baristas
        to learn anything you want to know about coffee roasting and brewing.
        Email us or call the store for details.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      text: >
        We believe that good coffee has the power to bring people together.
        That’s why we decided to turn a corner of our shop into a cozy meeting
        space where you can hang out with fellow coffee lovers and learn about
        coffee making techniques. All of the artwork on display there is for
        sale. The full price you pay goes to the artist.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
---

Commit message:

More WIP, got some things working

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: index-page
title: Cole Valley Haight Allies
image: /img/sidewalk.jpg
heading: Cole Valley Haight Allies
subheading: Residents of Cole Valley and Haight supporting our low-income and unhoused neighbors
description: >-
  We are a group of neighbors in the Cole Valley and Haight neighbors who wish
  to use our voices to advocate for and be allies to our low-income and
  unhoused neighbors in District 5.
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      text: >
        We support the Safe Sleeping site at 730 Stanyan street as a significant
        improvement over the previous sitation for those without a place to
        sleep, though we recognize the necessity of longer-term solutions as
        well.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      text: >
        We support the development of low-income housing and shelters within our
        district.
    - image: /img/tutorials.png
      text: >
        We volunteer our time and resources in order to assist organizations
        which provide resources to those in need.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      text: >
        Some fourth pillar here to round-out the site? Lorem ipsum yada yada
        yada.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
---
